# packages in environment at /projects/bgmp/jujo/miniforge3/envs/QAA:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.12               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.33.1               heb4867d_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               hebfffa5_3    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.1           py312h8572e83_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.12.1               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.53.1          py312h41a817b_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  9.0.0                hda332d3_1    conda-forge
htseq                     2.0.5           py312h8cd533b_2    bioconda
htslib                    1.20                 h5efdd21_2    bioconda
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py312h8572e83_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 hf3520f5_7    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp18.1          18.1.8          default_hf981a13_2    conda-forge
libclang13                18.1.8          default_h9def88c_2    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.9.1                hdb1bdb2_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.21                 h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.123              hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libegl                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.1.0               h77fa898_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            14.1.0               h69a702a_0    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.1.0               hc5f4f2c_0    conda-forge
libgl                     1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.3               h315aac3_2    conda-forge
libglvnd                  1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libglx                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.1.0               h77fa898_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm18                 18.1.8               h8b73ec9_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_hac2b453_1    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libpq                     16.4                 h482b261_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hde9e2c9_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.1.0               hc0a3c3a_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h46a8edc_4    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.16                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.7.0                h2c5496b_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               he7c6b58_4    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.39               h76b75d6_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h4ab18f5_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.9.2           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.2           py312h854627b_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              9.0.1                h70512c7_0    conda-forge
mysql-libs                9.0.1                ha479ceb_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h59595ed_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py312heda63a1_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   22.0.1               h8651b0f_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.1                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.2           py312h1d6d2e6_1    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                hba22ea6_2    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
pillow                    10.4.0          py312h287a98d_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.22.1          py312hcfdcdd7_2    bioconda
pyside6                   6.7.2           py312hb5137db_2    conda-forge
python                    3.12.5          h2ad013b_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    5_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.7.2                hb12f9c5_5    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.14.1          py312h7d485d2_0    conda-forge
setuptools                72.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
star                      2.7.11b              h43eeafb_2    bioconda
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py312h9a8786e_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
wayland                   1.23.1               h3e06ad9_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.44.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.1                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-cursor           0.1.4                h4ab18f5_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.1                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.10               hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.2                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.42                 h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.9                hb711507_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h4bc722e_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxxf86vm           1.1.5                h4bc722e_1    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                h4ab18f5_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
